
=======================================================================
LICENSES


The iaxclient library itself, is provided under the terms of the LGPL:

    This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
    it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
    the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
    (at your option) any later version.

    This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
    but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
    MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
    GNU General Public License for more details.

    You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
    along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
    Foundation, Inc., 675 Mass Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA.

The iaxclient library may also include, when compiled, works distributed
under other licenses.  See those directories and source files for
specifics.  These include:

    libiax: 		(c) 199 Mark Spencer under the LGPL.
    gsm encoder:	Copyright 1992, 1993, 1994 by Jutta Degener 
			and Carsten Bormann, Technische Universitaet Berlin
			(free license, terms in gsm/copyright)
    portaudio:		Copyright (c) 1999-2000 Ross Bencina and Phil Burk
			Modified BSD style license, in portaudio/LICENSE.txt

    resample: 		(not currently used) Copyright 1991 Lance Norskog 
			And Sundry Contributors, free license in resample.c

=======================================================================
BUILDING THE LIBRARY:

Linux: type "make" using standard gnu make/gcc
MacOSX: type "make" using Apple Dev Tools (gnu make/gcc)
Win32: type "make" using Cygwin/MinGW (see below)


Cygwin/MinGW:
The Win32 build has been tested using the Cygwin Environment, and the
MinGW port of the GCC compiler suite.  

See http://www.mingw.org/mingwfaq.shtml#faq-usingwithcygwin for the
MinGW FAQ entry on using MinGW with Cygwin.

It should probably also work if you use the MSYS environment and the
MinGW compiler, but we'd need to change some detection code in the
environment in order to detect the "uname" string returned by the MSYS
uname command, or otherwise figure out the platform.

=======================================================================
LIBRARY ORGANIZATION/DESIGN/CODING CONVENTION NOTES

The iaxclient library is designed to be a small, simple library that
encapsulates all that you need in order to make IAX protocol telephony
programs.

It is designed to be portable, such that it can run on at least Linux,
Windows, and MacOSX platforms.

It should include all component libraries needed for IAX, audio,
network, encoding, etc, but not GUI code of any kind.

All exported symbols should be prefixed with "iaxc_", to avoid namespace
collisions/pollution in programs using this library.

The header file "iaxclient.h" should contain those declarations needed
by client programs, but not rely on other headers (i.e. those from
included libraries).  The "iaxclient-lib.h" header file is the main
header file for the library's internal declarations.


=======================================================================

SAMPLE CLIENTS

The "testcall" sample program, provided in the simpleclient/testcall
directory (above this "lib" directory) is a simple client program which
should also be portable.  

The Makefile for "testcall" will automatically build or update the
library when it it built, and the requirements for building testcall are
the same as for the library itself.








